hello guys and welcome to another
episode of take it today I'm playing
beef cry yes say thank you so today
we're playing in a techie textwarz
server actually take it to x0 and the
owner is neo given they have a Facebook
page if you want to check it out so this
sir is really good-looking we're playing
out from a lot of time since now and we
want to show you the spawn first so how
they make it is really good
and my friend is near to our home now
are you yes here is a ranked list with
players want to be run to a better one
some food that is good they left some
food for the people here and the warps
that we can play on so I'm going to
teleport to you now from working for
them Oh first so in this era we built
this our home there are some signs here
defies definition I'm going to put the
IP address of the server take a text
work it's an also one if you want you to
join it's really cool both of guys
having fun so let me just generate the
door actually our whole base
for a second
there is one of the players here down
there Chris you is one of our friends
yes
actually we see the door like nothing
special yeah we'll build the base inside
you play actually with a lot of players
so I'm going to plat home see what oh it
teleports me outside they need to go in
okay
okay going up until you can teleport me
again okay
going to go up
either oops
time inside the base
so you don't break our door what about
the door come on bro
things happen she kept her under I want
to show the players which I don't count
angle I'm aware there I think that's
worth is down there in very the basement
of humans
oh hello that's worthy he has a what is
the name of this suit and where am I I
think nanos you to give a suit I don't
know so this one of our players and
neighbors in our house
we try to show the rotor classes again
these are all that they are single
server you can see yes place for the
book free behind and um this is the
power room I think
and maybe or maybe not
kind of oh and there's another player
shockwave
so
in our friends
blox was here again
actually I can't go down there
that's our home oh yeah almost forgot
so this is our home you have some stop
dealing with the time we have a
machine the tag em OH tunisia plaid
short oh maybe someone broke it vocal
machine final bag oh I think that's what
is trying to connect the power to the
tour machine yes it's okay
so yeah this is the main thing that i
want to show you about sir it's cool as
you can see i really like it they
brought some friends you can join us you
play with us have fun
and here
I can get row yes that's off now we hope
you liked the video don't forget to
comment and bye bye for now right